AI #2350: Add Conditions to the spec (#2351)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/conditions/includescommitmentdiscounts.md

# Includes Commitment Discounts

The Includes Commitment Discounts condition represents a verifiable state where the [operating model](#glossary:operating-model) includes commitment discounts.

## Requirements

IncludesCommitmentDiscounts MUST adhere to the following requirements:

* IncludesCommitmentDiscounts MUST evaluate to true when the operating model includes one or more programs where a customer commits to a level of usage or spend in exchange for reduced rates.

> * IncludesCommitmentDiscounts MUST evaluate to false when the operating model does not include any commitment-based pricing or discount programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IncludesCommitmentDiscounts MUST evaluate to true when the operating model includes contract commitments that provide discounted pricing on preselected SKUs in exchange for specific spend or usage goals.
* IncludesCommitmentDiscounts MUST evaluate to false when the operating model does not include any commitment discounts.
```

The current TRUE/FALSE text matches `includescommitmentprograms.md` lines 9-10 verbatim. Per the glossary, the two concepts have different scopes:

* `commitment program` is broader: "A service-provider offering that allows a customer to enter into a commitment. Commitment programs include commitment discounts, capacity reservations, and other constructs that require advance spend or usage agreements."
* `commitment discount` is narrower: "A publicly available contract commitment that provides discounted pricing on preselected SKUs in exchange for a commitment to specific spend or usage goals over a specified period."

This replacement paraphrases the commitment-discount glossary definition so the condition can be told apart from IncludesCommitmentPrograms. The parallel file should also be reviewed so the two describe distinct verifiable states.

Author: Thanks for this.  Bad copy/paste job on my part.
